---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 48"
date:   2016-01-01 16:12:00 +0900
subtitle: ""
author: ​Rokudenashi
background: '/img/posts/vol-3.jpg'
---
Located in the northwest of the Ribel Kingdom there is a by no means large town called Attis. Although not quite a rural village, it has lush greenery and in one sweep of the eye one can see a lake spread out before a mountain range several thousand meters tall in all its beauty in the refreshing sun.
In that Attis, there is a small restaurant in the corner of the town. A little past noon, during a time that where customers are sparse, a lone girl raises her voice bitterly.

“Aah, Why can’t I pass!?”

Sitting at the counter, although not quite drunk she kept repeating the same complaint.

Maybe because he couldn’t overlook her, the owner called out to the girl.

“You seem pretty mad, Jou-chan.”

“Of course I’m mad! Even though I came all this way, how could it be blocked off right before my eyes…”

“Blocked off?”

“I want to go there.”

The girl points outside the window at the symbol of the mountain range, Mount Giran and answers.
The shop owner reacts almost too surprised to that answer.

“Eeh!? Jou-chan, you plan on entering Mount Giran?”

“What about it?”

“Give up! I don’t know what your objective is but there are a lot of monsters in the mountains.”

“I know. That’s why there’s a restriction to entering the mountain. For that reason I hired those guys to come with me…!”

As she remembered, her anger returned.
Mount Giran exceeds 4000 meters with the last 1000 meters is always covered in snow; it’s the largest mountain in the Ribel Kingdom. Adding onto just the difficulty of climbing it, the snowy mountain is dominated by powerful monsters.
That’s why she hired 5 mercenaries to act as her guards. It seemed favorable until they arrived at Attis, but when she told them they were climbing Mount Giran they scattered in all directions.

Just that proves how dangerous it was, but she couldn’t accept it. She paid half up-front but the journey didn’t have many perils so she couldn’t help but feel like she was ripped off.
At any rate, for various reasons the girl — Lifa was angry.

“The capable people in this town also turned me down…”

With no spirit Lifa spits out the words as if they were poison. Seeing that a bitter smile appears on the shop owner’s face. Because they live in Attis they all deeply understand the dangers of Mount Giran.

“It can’t be helped. You need permission from the Knight Order to climb Mount Giran anyway.”

TL Note: I believe the Knight Order is the Chivalric Order from the previous translation but I’m not sure so I’ll leave it as is.

The ones that give permission to enter the mountains is the Knight Order that are currently blockading the mountain range. They won’t give out permissions to someone with superficial strength.
For that reason Lifa hired mercenaries, but since they ran away the problem is she can’t receive permission.
Coming all this way and not being able to do anything.

“Is there anyway I can enter~…”

Lifa fell down on the counter table.
When she did that, the bell for the shops entrance rang as it opened.
Then a little after it opened surprise spread in the shop.
Sensing the disturbance Lifa turns around.

The first impression is black. A young man who’s atmosphere was filled with indifference stood there. Looking at all the customers with distant eyes he mumbled something to himself. It couldn’t be described as a good atmosphere.

“Who’s that?”

Being caught by the surrounding customers tension Lifa asks the shop owner in a small voice. But the answer came from a different place.

“He’s Harold Stokes. He carries the nickname ‘Knight Killer’ and is the country’s strongest swordsman. Before he was called ‘Bad Boy Harold’.”

“Hmmm… And, you are?”

“I’m just a humble traveler.”

Sporting grey hair and honey color eyes with an androgynous face and voice. The traveler had a large inflated yellow hat that stood out.
Although the traveler seemed to about Lifa’s age she could not tell if the traveler was a boy or a girl.

“Before that, Harold Stokes is quite an infamous name. Do you not know it?”

“Unfortunately his infamy hasn’t reached where I’m from.”

More accurately, Lifa was a bit of an eccentric and was isolated in her hometown so learning something by hearsay is completely impossible.
She hungrily pursues her own interests, but anything else is shutout. It’s her first time hearing about someone with the dangerous nickname of ‘Knight Killer’.

But for Lifa that kind of thing didn’t matter. The important matter was the next point.

“You said he was the strongest swordsman in the country. Is that strong?”

“Of course. To the degree that he could take on the several tens of the elites of the Knight Order and come out unharmed. His strength could be said to be near the current head of the Knight Order, Vincent.”

TL Note: It is the same order looks like but I’m too lazy to change it. So it will now be Knight Order!

“So he’s in the strongest class of humans then.”

Lifa’s pupils glittered suspiciously.
If he’s that strong then he could probably get permission to go to Mount Giran.

“Oi oi, Jou-chan, it can’t be…”

Seeing through her intentions the owner tried to stop her but his voice fell on deaf ears.
Standing up with vigor she quickly walked until she was standing in front of Harold.
The 140 cm tall Lifa looks up at the 180 cm tall Harold. However there wasn’t a speck of hesitation in Lifa.

“Got a minute?”

“…Who the hell are you?”

“I’m Lifa. You’re Harold right?”

“…”

Harold doesn’t confirm or deny. Just silence.
But his face warps in distaste. From the previous talks it seems he’s famous, but it looks like he doesn’t like that.
Feeling that Lifa continues the conversation.

“I have a request that suits your capabilities. Of course there will be a reward.”

“Request, is it?”

“That’s right. I want you to climb Mount Giran with me as my guard!”

◊

Walnut colored hair done up in braids. A blouse with red as its base, a miniskirt with a check pattern, and knee-high socks; a set of clothing full of cleverness. Above all, her characteristic white robe that went down to her knees.
Lifa Goodridge.
Harold encountered the self-styled genius inventor that could be said to be the head of the loli department in the hero’s party. Moreover she asked him to be her guard.

>(I just wanted to get some food, how’d it become this…)

Lifa isn’t from Attis but rather Weiss village. Harold isn’t sure why she’s here but since he’s in the middle of a job he has no obligation to listen to her request.
He doesn’t but strangely their destination is the same Mount Giran.

Although they’re only separated by 3 years he looked down at Lifa who had a height difference with him that was closer to a child and an adult.
With a confidence that didn’t match her stature she gazed back at Harold. From the top of her head 2 antennae-like strands of hair stood up proudly.

“A little brat like you wants to climb a mountain? Don’t make me laugh.”

TL Note: Although ‘kisama’ is normally translated as bastard I think it sounds a bit awkward calling girls that. The literal translation of kisama is just a very rude way to say you, so I’m going to take some liberties.

“Even though I look like this I’m 15 years old!”

I knew that. Compared to her age, including her height, various parts haven’t grown well but it’s clear that she’s around 15 years old.
That was the setting of her profile, too.

“In the first place what’s your objective? That mountain doesn’t have anything like toys or amusement parks.”

“I want to get data on the body of a Hydra. If possible a sample too.”

On Lifa’s words, not only Harold but everyone in the store lost their words.
The Hydra is Mount Giran’s chief. In short it’s a boss monster. Mercenaries and knights would only be lambs to the slaughter at most.

In the game if the party fought it around level 20 they’d probably win. But that’s only assuming they challenge it in a group. For Lifa to challenge it alone there’s the danger of her dying.
In the first place just getting to the Hydra alone is dubious. The encounter rate of monsters in Mount Giran was high.
Considering that it was the right choice to ask Harold to be her guard.

“But I don’t have any obligation to listen to your stupid request?”

“I’m not forcing you. I’ll ask others.”

“I don’t think such a suicidal guy can be found easily though.”

“…a month or half a year, I’ll keep at it. I have a reason to go that far.”

He could feel her obstinacy. If Harold refused she’d probably keep looking for months like she said.

But that’s where the problem is. It’s just before the start of the original work.
Originally if Lifa who met Liner’s group at Weiss village wasn’t there, the original work’s party was in danger of being very different. In the game, when she joined the party the ‘compound’ command became available.

If handled poorly they might not be able to make items and weapons. At the worst they won’t be able to obstruct the miasma breaking out in the Sumeragi territory or stop Justus’ plans.
Her magic and scientific knowledge were important to the continuation of the story as well.

In short if Lifa is stuck at Attis the situation wouldn’t be very good.
Then it’s better if he did his job along with taking the request and quickly send her back.

“…Fine. If you’ll take my conditions I’ll lend my power.”

“Eh, really!? Yatta-!”

Without even hearing his conditions Lifa wholeheartedly celebrates. Looking at the girl in front of him he was definitely going to be dropped into a dangerous situation, thought Harold as he sighed.
Then before the conversation could be settled an interruption came.

“What an interesting conversation.”

A voice, like Lifa’s, that Harold was used to hearing from the game.
A casket cap and yellow overalls. Inside those clothes wearing nothing but a cotton wrap around the chest. And a packed shawl bag resting on the shoulder.
A 15-16 year old boy or girl that could be said to be beautiful for either gender stood there while smiling.

“If it’s alright, I hope I can come along too.”

Before he knew it standing next to him was the information broker Giffelt who asked without breaking a smile.

[Read Chapter 49 on Defiring.com!](https://defiring.wordpress.com/2017/02/19/my-death-flags-show-no-sign-of-ending-chapter-49/)